Good evening and welcome to News at Eight with me, Leon Thomas.
In tonight’s news: MI6 accuses Ankhazastan of developing chemical weapons.
After becoming the golden boy of investors over the past few years,
President Miki Unjonginiv of Ankhazastan has shocked the world once again.
News at Eight has received a dossier from MI6, Britain’s intelligence service,
showing spy satellite photos of what looks like a chemical weapons facility.
The findings have been confirmed by the CIA.
I’m joined in the studio today by regional expert Sally Orlov.
Sally, welcome.
How could Ankhazastan – a poor and technologically
backward country – have developed these weapons so quickly?
Good evening, Leon.
The answer seems pretty simple.
Some of the investment money that they have received to build infrastructure
like the new airport and new roads must have been diverted to weapons research.
This comes on the heels of erratic behaviour by Miki – he
threatened to invade at least one of his neighbours, didn’t he?
That’s correct, Leon.
He later claimed that it was just a drunken joke, but
this dossier will send shockwaves through the region.
And Miki’s erratic behaviour – such as engaging in polygamy
with five wives – certainly doesn’t help to build trust.
At least one of the neighbouring countries, Armagnia, has asked the United States
for help and the President is considering having “boots on the ground” there
to control the situation and protect their own oil interests in the country.
Now, Sally, all foreign investment in Ankhazastan has been channelled
through a British investment firm by the name of WhiteRock.
Surely, they must be feeling the heat right now.
Has the CEO made a statement?
Not yet, Leon, but a press conference is scheduled for tomorrow.
The CEO is George Fitzwilliam-Pembroke, who is apparently an old schoolmate of Miki’s.
He’ll certainly have some tough questions to answer.